Update Migration Guide with Conflicting Intent Scenario (#469)
braintree/braintree_android: v4_MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

</activity>
``` 

> Additionally, apps that use both DropIn and BraintreeClient should specify a custom url scheme, since `DropInActivity` already uses the `${applicationId}.braintree` url intent filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, apps that use both Drop-in and BraintreeClient should specify a custom url scheme, since `DropInActivity` already uses the `${applicationId}.braintree` url intent filter.
```
